this is a Polaris vector it's kind of a
funky looking first try from Polaris in
the world of electric bikes they've
actually launched three bikes they're
strive the Meridian and the vector and
you know again with this this funky top
bar I guess that lets you lower your
seat a little bit more and kind of
create a cruiser feel or something but
it's also just unique looking all of
their bikes at this stage use the same
components and well the same electronics
right so you've got this nice control
box down here a motor and then your your
your computer right with the throttle
and everything so I'm gonna walk through
specs here now this is a 250 watt hub
motor which is kind of weak in the world
of electric bikes but it actually has
regenerative braking which is pretty
cool and not a lot of electric bikes
have that you know it's kind of nice you
put some of the juice back in the
battery by doing that whenever you pull
on these brakes but you know it at the
same time 250 watts isn't offering a lot
of power it just kind of gives you a
little bit of a boost and it's kind of
noisy it's like we're kind of whines so
I'm not sure how I feel about that the
battery is a lithium battery it's 36
volt 10 amp hour very standard it's nice
that it's built into the down tube does
that distributes weight towards the
front of the bike why while you've got
the weight of the motor on the rear so
you know from front to back it's pretty
even if you've got one of those bike
racks for your car though that's got
like the prongs this bikes gonna be kind
of crooked or something and so I'm not
sure I can't get over that bent top bar
functionally it works pretty well you
ride along it's got the front shock very
entry-level you know kind of basic and
sorry there's this dogs lonely wants to
go on a ride I guess you got your disc
brakes front and rear very very nice to
have on electric bike where you getting
out there on speed 26 inch wheels
standard sort of hybrid tires like sorta
for the road sort of
off-road seat with like some rubber
bumpers in there it's fairly stock you
know and the pedals are kind of yeah you
know it's like plasticy with rubber be
careful because you can slip off on
those and scrape your shin up it's
happened to me more than once and I
don't know I guess that's it you turn
the thing on and then you cycle through
power assist mode so I'm on three right
now you can go down to one two three one
two three you just keep going through
like that and then you start pedaling
and and it goes so I'm gonna do three
because even three is only barely enough
and kind of listen for that whine
hey yeah so you can kind of hear that
when I when I break you can hear the
regenerative braking kicking in you know
and it's got the trigger right here it
doesn't work unless you're moving so
that's kind of like a safety feature so
you take a pedal stroke and then you
press it and it'll it'll take off it's
kind of it you know for more pictures
full written review on this bike check
out electricbikereview.com i'll see you
there